This Is Pauline Oliveros
This is Pauline Oliveros. The essential tracks, all in one playlist.

"Blow Winds" -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Roots of the Movement
A Love Song - Live Field Recording -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Well / The Gentle
Altamirage V -- Pauline Oliveros, James Ilgenfritz -- Altamirage
Arc Hive -- Pauline Oliveros, Timothy Hill, David Rothenberg -- Cicada Dream Band
Body Stories -- Pauline Oliveros -- Ghostdance
Bye Bye Butterfly -- Pauline Oliveros -- New Music for Electronic and Recorded Media: Women In Electronic Music - 1977
Calluna Vulgaris -- Pauline Oliveros, Lisa Dillan, Øyvind Storesund, Else Olsen Storesund -- Botanikk
Condensed Matter -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 3)
Crossing the Sands -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Roots of the Movement
David's Sandbox -- Philip Gelb, Pauline Oliveros, Dana Reason, Barre Phillips -- The Space Between with Barre Phillips
Display of Plasma -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 3)
Duo for Accordion & Bandoneon -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Wanderer
Fantastic Increments -- Philip Gelb, Pauline Oliveros, Dana Reason, Barre Phillips -- The Space Between with Barre Phillips
Ghosting -- Pauline Oliveros -- Ghostdance
Grains -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Roots of the Movement
How? -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 3)
In the Houses of My Families -- Pauline Oliveros -- Ghostdance
Ione -- Pauline Oliveros, Stuart Dempster, Panaiotis -- Deep Listening
Mass Action -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 3)
Monkey -- Pauline Oliveros -- Ghostdance
Morphotropic -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 3)
Nike -- Pauline Oliveros, Stuart Dempster, Panaiotis -- Deep Listening
Pauline Oliveros - I of IV -- Pauline Oliveros -- New Sounds In Electronic Music
Photonic Dance -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 1)
Pivot Point -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 2)
Pulling Rank -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 2)
Quartetto Telematico #5 -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch, Chris Chafe -- phase/transitions (vol. 2)
Quartetto Telematico #6 -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch, Chris Chafe -- phase/transitions (vol. 3)
Quartettto Telematico #4 -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch, Chris Chafe -- phase/transitions (vol. 2)
Rattlesnake Mountain -- Pauline Oliveros -- Accordion & Voice
Saxifraga Cotyledon -- Pauline Oliveros, Lisa Dillan, Øyvind Storesund, Else Olsen Storesund -- Botanikk
Several Other Notions -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 2)
Sonic Mercury -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 1)
Striations -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Roots of the Movement
Succisa Pratensis -- Else Olsen Storesund, Pauline Oliveros, Lisa Dillan, Øyvind Storesund -- Botanikk
Supercritical -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 2)
The Beauty Of Sorrow -- Pauline Oliveros -- Tara's Room
The First Set / Area 4 (Solo) / A Little Noise In The System (Moog System) -- Evan Parker, Pauline Oliveros, Anthony Braxton -- Sound Unbound : Excerpts And Allegories From The Sub Rosa Audio Archives
The Gentle (I) -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Well & The Gentle
The Receptive -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Well & The Gentle
The Wanderer -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Wanderer
The Well -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Well & The Gentle
The Well / The Gentle -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Well & The Gentle
Traces -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Roots of the Movement
Trio For Trumpet, Accordion, and String Bass I -- Pauline Oliveros, James Ilgenfritz, Anagram Ensemble -- Altamirage
Trio For Trumpet, Accordion, and String Bass II -- Pauline Oliveros, James Ilgenfritz, Anagram Ensemble -- Altamirage
Trio For Trumpet, Accordion, and String Bass III -- Pauline Oliveros, James Ilgenfritz, Anagram Ensemble -- Altamirage
Trio For Trumpet, Accordion, and String Bass IV -- Pauline Oliveros, James Ilgenfritz, Anagram Ensemble -- Altamirage
Trio For Trumpet, Accordion, and String Bass V -- Pauline Oliveros, James Ilgenfritz, Anagram Ensemble -- Altamirage
Vaccinium Myrtillus -- Pauline Oliveros, Lisa Dillan, Øyvind Storesund, Else Olsen Storesund -- Botanikk
